{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf290
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13020\viewh9980\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "Just over there by the corner please," Alex said, gesturing towards the potted plant and empty television stand. The other man grunted slightly and heaved a large rectangular box across the living room, sweating gently. Alex sipped from a cup of tea. "D'you fancy a cuppa, mate?" he asked, the last word sounding slightly unnatural.\
\
"No ta" said the other man, standing the box on its end. "Had one before I came out. Can you give us a hand with the sofa?"\
\
"Sure, sure" Alex replied, placing the mug of tea down quickly on a coffee table. "Looking forward to watching the match on it later!" he added, with an air of macho bravado. The other man made no response and turned for the flat door.\
\
Alex followed the other man, taking care to grab his electronic keycard before letting the door swing shut. They headed towards the lift and the other man pressed the button with a weary stab of his finger. The light above the doors clicked into life. It was on the sixth floor.\
\
"Always takes ages, bloody thing," offered Alex. No response once more from the other man. "What time do you clock off today?"\
\
"Six" came the reply as the lift climbed to the tenth floor. "Got a carpet to deliver down Salford way after this."\
\
Alex turned and shot the other man a vaguely sympathetic look, attempting to inject it with an air of "we're-all-in-this-together" understanding. For a second he studied the other man's face for the first time since he'd arrived. He was probably about forty, maybe forty five. Short stubbled hair, medium height with a thickset build. A generic delivery man, really.\
\
The other man made no effort to return the gesture and kept his eyes fixed on the lift display as it climbed to the fourteenth floor. A namebadge was pinned to his sweatshirt simply stating "Dave". There was a stain that could have been mustard decorating the bottom of his left sleeve.\
\
"Here we go," Alex said as the lift doors opened. He stepped inside and hit the 0 button. The doors hissed shut.\
}